---
uid: developers/articles/terms-of-service
title: SLA
author: vroha
description: Terms of Service 
ms.author: hakrou
ms.date: 04/12/2019
ms.service: product-insights
ms.topic: conceptual
---


# MICROSOFT CODENAME "DYNAMICS 365 PRODUCT INSIGHTS PREVIEW"<br/>PREVIEW TERMS OF SERVICE

LAST UPDATED FEBRUARY 2019

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS CONFIDENTIAL AND GOVERNED BY THIS AGREEMENT
AND THE TERMS OF YOUR NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT WITH MICROSOFT. YOU MAY
NOT DISCLOSE YOUR EXPERIENCES USING THE SERVICES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THAT NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT.

**1. WHAT THE AGREEMENT COVERS**

This is an agreement between you ("you," "your," or "Licensee") and
Microsoft Corporation, ("Microsoft, "we," "us" or "our"). The terms and
conditions of this agreement ("agreement") apply to your access and use
of the Microsoft codename "DYNAMICS 365 PRODUCT INSIGHTS" services
preview (together with any Microsoft provided data sources, the
"Services"). The Services are optional evaluation services offered by
Microsoft to select customers and partners to obtain feedback prior to
general release. By accessing or using the Services, you accept the
terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not accept them, do
not access or use the Services. If you are a subscriber of Dynamics 365
or other Microsoft services, your Dynamics 365 customer agreement or
other Microsoft service agreement applies to your use of Dynamics 365 or
other Microsoft services generally. This agreement applies to your use
of the Services specifically.

**2. DATA**

You bear sole responsibility for any and all data provided to Microsoft
through your access to or use of the Services ("Customer Data"), and any
software programs or services you use in connection with your access to
or use of the Services, including without limitation taking the steps
necessary to back up such Customer Data, software programs or services.

**3. THE SERVICES**

3.1. Pre-Release Services and Updates.

The Services provided under this agreement are in a pre-release stage
and are only available for a limited time. The Services may not work
correctly or the way a commercial version of the Services may function.
The Services may experience interruptions and extended downtime during
which you may not be able to access Customer Data or other
functionality. Updates may be provided throughout the term and such
updates may result in deleting the Customer Data or changing of Services
functionality. In general, due to the pre-release nature of the
Services, some or all of the Customer Data may be lost. Your Customer
Data may not be migrated from the Services to any future pre-release or
commercial versions that may be released. You are solely responsible for
determining the appropriateness of using pre-release services and assume
all risks associated with using the Services, including but not limited
to risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws,
damage to or loss of, programs or equipment, and unavailability or
interruption of operations.

3.2. Future Releases.

Microsoft may change the Services at any time, including without
limitation for a future pre-release or commercial version, and we may
not release a future pre-release or commercial version.

3.3. Pre-release Limitations

Because of their pre-release status, the Services employ lesser or
different privacy and security measures than those typically present in
a Microsoft enterprise online service. **You may not use the Services
(1) to process Personal Data relating to an identified or identifiable
natural person, (2) to process other data that is subject to heightened
compliance requirements, or (3) to process Customer Data that is
commercially valuable or sensitive.** "Personal Data" means any
information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An
identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or
indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name,
an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one
or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic,
mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

The Services or certain features of the Services may operate solely in
the United States, and you agree that your Customer Data may be
transferred, stored and processed within the United States or to any
other country in which Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries or
service providers maintain facilities.

3.4. Access and Use Rights.

You may access and use the Services only through the means we designate
for the Services and only in accordance with the terms of this agreement
and the policies and procedures we designate for use of the Services.
Subject to your acceptance and compliance with this agreement, you may
use the Services for the sole purposes of testing the Services
internally and providing feedback to Microsoft.

3.5. Restrictions.

In using the Services, you may not access or use the Services:

-   in a production or "live" operating environment;

-   to design or build a competitive service or to otherwise copy the
    design, functionality or user interfaces within the Services;

-   to work around any technical limitations in the Services that only
    allow you to use it in certain ways;

-   to share, publish, rent, lease, lend, sell or transfer the Services
    to any third party; or for commercial hosting services;

-   in a way prohibited by law, regulation, governmental order or
    decree;

-   to violate the rights of others;

-   to try to gain unauthorized access to or disrupt any service,
    device, data, account or network;

-   to spam or distribute malware;

-   in a way that could harm the Services or impair anyone else's use of
    it; or

-   in any application or situation where failure of the Service could
    lead to the death or serious bodily injury of any person, or to
    severe physical or environmental damage.

If you are using the Services in a shared or sandbox environment with
other users who do not belong to your organization, you may not
interfere with the use of the environment by other users and you may not
access, delete, or modify any data, software, information or other
materials placed in the environment by other users.

**4. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS; CONFIDENTIALITY**

4.1. Reservation of Rights; No Other License.

Except for your limited use and access rights to the Services as set
forth in this agreement, Microsoft reserves all other rights not
expressly granted in this agreement. No additional rights (including
implied licenses, rights or covenants) are granted by implication,
estoppel or otherwise.

4.2. No Claims of Ownership by Microsoft.

Microsoft claims no ownership of or control over the Customer Data you
provide to us in connection with your use of the Services. It is solely
your responsibility to protect any rights you may have in the Customer
Data and such information.

4.3. Your Use of the Customer Data.

You represent, and agree to ensure, that you have the necessary rights
to any Customer Data, software programs or services that you use in
connection with the Services, and that such activities do not infringe
or violate the intellectual property, personal or other proprietary
rights of any third party. You agree to obtain all necessary rights, and
comply with all licenses or other terms, from the rightful owner of such
Customer Data, software programs or services that you do not own. You
agree to access or use the Services (a) without purporting to subject
Microsoft to any other obligations to you or any third party, (b) solely
in a manner that complies with all applicable laws and regulations, and
(c) without providing Microsoft any Personal Data.

4.4. Confidentiality.

The Services, including their user interface, features, documentation
and output, are confidential and proprietary to Microsoft and its
suppliers. This and all other information shared under this agreement is
confidential information subject to the nondisclosure agreement ("NDA")
between you and Microsoft. In the event there is no existing NDA, or if
such existing NDA is terminated or otherwise ceases to be in effect,
then the remainder of this section applies. For five years after access
and use of the Services, you may not disclose confidential information
to third parties. You may disclose confidential information only to your
employees and consultants who need to know the information. You must
have written agreements with them that protect the confidential
information at least as much as this agreement. You may disclose
confidential information in response to a judicial or governmental
order. You must first give written notice to Microsoft to allow it to
seek a protective order or otherwise protect the information.
Confidential information does not include information that: (i) becomes
publicly known through no wrongful act; (ii) you received from a third
party who did not breach confidentiality obligations to Microsoft or its
suppliers; or (iii) you developed independently. Your duty to protect
confidential information survives this agreement.

**5. NO SUPPORT**

We have no obligation to provide any support services for the Services.
The Services may be inaccessible due to scheduled and unscheduled
reasons, including maintenance updates, power outages, system failures,
extended downtime and other interruptions. During such periods, you may
be unable to access or use all of, or a portion of, the Services. Some
or all of the Customer Data may be lost. In the event of an outage or
interruption that Microsoft determines may cause risk to the Services,
Microsoft may determine in its sole discretion to suspend the Services.

FOR THESE REASONS, THE SERVICES ARE EXCLUDED FROM ANY COMMITMENTS
MICROSOFT MAKES IN ITS SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENTS GENERALLY, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY COMMITMENTS MICROSOFT MAKES IN SERVICE LEVEL
AGREEMENTS APPLICABLE TO MICROSOFT POWER BI OR DYNAMICS 365.

**6. SOFTWARE **

6.1. Scope of License.

As part of your use of the Services, we grant you a limited right to:
(a) install and use the Software on multiple Licensee computers solely
to internally evaluate, demonstrate, prototype, and test the Software
for possible use in or in connection with Licensee's products and
services; and (b) reasonably copy the Software, and include applicable
parts of the Software in Licensee's programs, in each case solely in
accordance with and for the purpose in the above clause (a) (and any
part of the Software merged with another program will continue to be
subject to this Agreement).

6.2. Limitations of License.

We reserve all other rights to such software. You may not disassemble,
decompile, or reverse engineer any such software included in the
Services, except and only to the extent that the law expressly permits
this activity. Notwithstanding these restrictions, you may (a)
incorporate applicable binary portions of the Software into Licensee's
programs, solely as contemplated by the documentation; or (b) creating
custom events during Licensee's use of the Software.

The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations.
You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and
regulations that apply to the software. These laws include restrictions
on destinations, end users and end use. For additional information, see
https://www.microsoft.com/exporting.

Unless we notify you otherwise, your license to use the software
provided by us as part of the Services will end when your right to use
the Services ends, and you must promptly uninstall the software. We may
disable the software at this time.

**7. FEEDBACK **

If you give feedback about the Services to Microsoft, you give to
Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share, and commercialize
your feedback in any way and for any purpose. You also give to third
parties, without charge, any intellectual property rights needed for
their products, technologies and services to use or interface with any
specific parts of a Microsoft software or service that includes the
feedback. You will not give feedback that is subject to a license that
requires Microsoft to license its software or documentation to third
parties because Microsoft includes your feedback in them. These rights
survive expiration or termination of this agreement.

**8. PUBLICITY**

In connection with the Services, Microsoft may create documentation,
films, photographs, referrals, quotations, or other recordings or
materials ("Publicity Materials"). Any Publicity Materials will be
identified in advance and mutually agreed to, and the following
provisions shall apply only to the extent we agree to specific Publicity
Materials.

8.1. Rights.

You grant Microsoft the non-exclusive right to use your name, trademarks
and service marks, and logos ("Marks") in such Publicity Materials

8.2. Approvals.

You will have the right to approve, before Microsoft's first use, any
Publicity Materials that include Marks or Name and Likeness. You will
promptly review and either approve or disapprove them (such approval not
to be unreasonably withheld) within five (5) business days of receipt.
Failure to respond within such five- (5)-day period will be deemed
approval. You are solely responsible for bringing to Microsoft's
attention any factual errors or removing your Confidential Information
from Publicity Materials.

**9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES**

WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES AND SUPPORT SERVICES (IF ANY) \"AS IS,\" \"WITH
ALL FAULTS\" AND \"AS AVAILABLE.\" YOU BEAR ALL RISK OF USING IT.
Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions under or
in relation to the services OR SUPPORT SERVICES (IF ANY). To the extent
permitted under local laws, Microsoft excludes any implied warranties or
conditions, including those of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose and non-infringement. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPUTER AND
TELECOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ARE NOT FAULT-FREE AND OCCASIONAL PERIODS OF
DOWNTIME OCCUR. MICROSOFT DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE SERVICES WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT DATA LOSS WON\'T
OCCUR.

**10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL MICROSOFT BE
LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL,
OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR THAT RELATE IN ANY WAY TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR ITS PERFORMANCE. THIS EXCLUSION WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF
THE LEGAL THEORY UPON WHICH ANY CLAIM FOR SUCH DAMAGES IS BASED, WHETHER
MICROSOFT HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER
SUCH DAMAGES WERE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE, OR WHETHER APPLICATION OF THE
EXCLUSION CAUSES ANY REMEDY TO FAIL OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
MICROSOFT'S TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT
WILL NOT EXCEED FIVE US DOLLARS (US\$5.00). THIS CAP APPLIES WHETHER THE
CLAIM IS IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE.

**11. TERM; TERMINATION**

11.1. Term.

This agreement is effective on the date you first agree to it. This
agreement will terminate on the earlier of (i) the date of first
availability of a public preview or commercial release of the Services
(if ever) or (ii) the date on which Microsoft provides notice of
termination to you. Microsoft may suspend or cancel your use of and
access to all or any part of the Services, or terminate this agreement,
at any time for any reason and in its sole discretion.

11.2. Effect of Termination.

Upon cancellation, suspension or any termination, your right to use the
Services stops right away and you must immediately remove the Customer
Data and applications from the Services. Upon any termination of this
agreement, all other rights granted to you by this agreement will also
automatically terminate.

**12. CONFIDENTIALITY**

The Software shall be considered Confidential Information under the
parties' existing Non-Disclosure Agreement. If no such non-disclosure
agreement exists, the following terms apply:

\(a) "Confidential Information" means nonpublic information that (i)
Microsoft or Licensee designates as confidential; or (ii) which, under
the circumstances surrounding disclosure, ought to be treated as
confidential. "Confidential Information" does not include information
that: (x) is or subsequently becomes generally available without breach
of any obligation owed to the disclosing party; (y) is or subsequently
becomes known to the receiving party from a source other than the
disclosing party and such disclosure does not result from any breach of
an obligation of confidentiality owed with respect to such Confidential
Information; or (z) is independently developed by the receiving party
without reference to any Confidential Information supplied by the
disclosing party in any form.

\(b) Each party shall protect the Confidential Information of the other
party from unauthorized disclosure or dissemination and use no less than
that degree of care it uses to protect its own like information, which
shall not be less than a reasonable degree of care. Neither party shall
use the Confidential Information of the other party for purposes other
than those necessary to directly further the purposes of this Agreement.
Neither party shall disclose the Confidential Information of the other
party to third parties without the prior written consent of the other
party. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no ownership or
license rights are granted in any Confidential Information.

**13. MISCELLANEOUS**

13.1. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction.

The laws of the State of Washington govern this agreement. If federal
jurisdiction exists, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and
venue in the federal courts in King County, Washington. If not, the
parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior
Court of King County, Washington.

13.2. Severability.

If any court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of
this Agreement is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
provisions will remain in full force and effect.

13.3. No assignment.

Licensee may not assign this Agreement, or any rights or duties under
it, directly or indirectly (e.g., by merger, consolidation,
reorganization, or transfer of control), by operation of contract, law,
or otherwise, except with Microsoft's express written consent.

